KEP-4193: beta promotion of ServiceAccountTokenNodeBinding feature gate (#47283)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/service-account-token-node-binding.md

  - stage: alpha 
    defaultValue: false

>     fromVersion: "1.29"

Reviewer: add `toVersion: "1.30"`

  - stage: beta
    defaultValue: true
    fromVersion: "1.31"
---

> Controls whether the apiserver allows binding service account tokens to Node objects.

Reviewer 2: nit; we prefer following the style guide more as things reach beta
```suggestion
Controls whether the API server allows binding service account tokens to Node objects.
Enabling this feature gate allows that binding.
```
